At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
three. And God said, there will be lights in the dome of the sky, to distinguish
between the night and the day; and they will be for signs and for seasons, for
days, and years. And it was for the lights in the dome of the sky to light up
the Earth, and it was so. And God made, the two great lights: the big light, to
govern the day, and the small light to govern the night, and the stars. And God
gave them, in the dome of the sky, to light up the Earth. And to govern, the day
and night, and to separate between the light and the darkness; and God saw that
it was good. And it was evening, and it was morning, day four. And God said, the
waters will infest with forms of living spirit, and fowl will fly above the
land, on the surface of the dome of the sky., And God created the big
crocodiles, and all the living beings that roam, which teemed the water with
their own kind, and every bird of a feather to its kind, and God saw that it was
good. And God blessed them, saying: Bear fruit and multiply, and fill the water
in the seas and the bird, will multiply on the land. And it was evening and it
was morning, day five. And God said, out of the land will come out living beings
of their kind, beasts and crawlers, and land animals, to their kind; And it was
so. And God made the land animal into its kind, and the beast to its own kind,
and the crawler of the land to its own kind; and God saw that it was good. And
God said, we will make man in our image, in our likeness. And they will oversee
the fish of the sea and the bird in the sky, and the beast, and all the Earth,
and all the crawlers that crawl upon the Earth. And God created the man in his
image, in the image of God created him: male and female, created them. And God
blessed them, and God told them bear fruit and multiply and fill up the Earth,
and conquer it, and oversee the fish in the sea, and the bird in the sky, and
every animal which crawls upon the Earth.
At first, God created the sky, and the Earth. And the Earth was helter skelter,
and darkness upon the abyss, God's spirit drifting upon the surface of the
water. And God said, Light will be, and light was. And God saw this light was
good, and God separated the light from the darkness. And God called the light
day, and called the darkness night; and it was evening, and it was morning, day
one. And God said, A dome will be inside the waters, and it will make a divide
between water and water. And God made the dome, and divided the water which was
under the dome from the water which was above the dome; and it was so. And God
called the dome sky. And it was evening and it was morning, day two. And God
said, the waters below the sky will drain to one place, and the dry land will
show; and it was so. And God called the dry land land, and the pool of water he
called seas. And God saw it was good. And God said, engrassed will be the Earth
with grass plants sowing seeds, fruit trees making fruit of its kind, with its
seed inside, on the Earth, and it was so. And the land sprouted seeded grasses,
plants sowing seeds, of their kind, and trees making fruit with their seed
inside; and God saw it was good. And it was evening and it was morning, day
